New SciML/Optimization for fitting parameters of ODEs tutorial tutorial (#740)
SciML/Catalyst.jl: docs/src/inverse_problems/examples/ode_fitting_oscillation.md

# [Fitting Parameters for an Oscillatory System](@id parameter_estimation)

> In this examples we will use [Optimization.jl](https://github.com/SciML/Optimization.jl) to fit the parameters of an oscillatory system (the Brusselator) to data. Here, special consideration is taken to avoid reaching a local minimum. Instead of fitting the entire time series directly, we will start with fitting parameter values for the first period, and then use those as an initial guess for fitting the next (and then these to find the next one, and so on). Using this procedure is advantageous for oscillatory systems, and enables us to reach the global optimum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example we will use [Optimization.jl](https://github.com/SciML/Optimization.jl) to fit the parameters of an oscillatory system (the Brusselator) to data. Here, special consideration is taken to avoid reaching a local minimum. Instead of fitting the entire time series directly, we will start with fitting parameter values for the first period, and then use those as an initial guess for fitting the next (and then these to find the next one, and so on). Using this procedure is advantageous for oscillatory systems, and enables us to reach the global optimum.
```

First, we fetch the required packages.
```@example pe1
using Catalyst
using OrdinaryDiffEq
using Optimization

> using OptimizationOptimisers # Required for the ADAM optimizer.
> using SciMLSensitivity # Required for `Optimization.AutoZygote()` automatic differentiation option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using OptimizationOptimisers # for the ADAM optimizer
using SciMLSensitivity # for Optimization.AutoZygote() AD backend
```

Author: I prefer the old version. Especially spelling out the AD part (As I imagine most people are unfamiliar with this, and especially just "AD backend" doesn't say much.

Author: Also, I generally try to make my comments full sentences, not sure if there is some standard regarding this though.

```@example pe1
p_estimate
```
which is close to the actual parameter set of `[1.0, 2.0]`.

## Why we fit the parameters in iterations
As previously mentioned, the reason we chose to fit the model on a smaller interval to begin with, and
then extend the interval, is to avoid getting stuck in a local minimum. Here
specifically, we chose our initial interval to be smaller than a full cycle of
the oscillation. If we had chosen to fit a parameter set on the full interval

> immediately we would have received the wrong solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
immediately we would have obtained a poorer fit and less accurate estimate for the parameters.
```
